I price other memberships and this is
just in crime in the prize for what you
get all the programs they have here I'm
learning more every day the only
programs they have available yoga
pilates you know body sculpting ab
workouts ab attacks it's just so much so
the price is so in line with what we get
out of it I mean I should be more you
know cut that out please by the way you
know but yeah it is phenomenal though it
is just incredible because the value we
get for the money so it's not a problem
at all and this is like going out to
dinner one night a month you know for
the whole family membership so not even
a problem we've cut that dinner it's an
unhealthy dinner anyway so we cut it out
and just you know and not about from
home I originally thought about the cost
I weigh that against some of the other
places around you know and then i looked
at the facilities and the amenities that
they had to offer and for what they
offer here and the things that they have
here it wasn't there wasn't even close
as far as making the decision well this
place has this price this place has this
price or whatever i looked at the things
they feature here and i said for the
price is no more than what somebody else
offer where you just gotta jam with some
barbells in it and I a couple of
treadmills sitting around they got rows
of treadmills cardio gliders rose or fit
links machine cybex machines then it got
the free weights and everything and so
you can diversify yourself up and I said
that you know that's that's it right
there that's what I want to go me myself
I'm limited on income and stuff like
that and believe it they will work with
you you don't have to have that
five-thousand-dollar we job to come here
and be active member you'll work with
you on any lifestyle that you live you
know rich poor you know young old
whatever they work with you I can't put
a value on the membership that I have
here in the quality that the way that it
has helped me
I couldn't I couldn't actually put a
dollar amount on there i mean you know
if if i had to pay headed to pay a
thousand dollars a month i would because
of the way that I'm treated here and the
patients that people take with you
nobody's going to put you in a corner
feed you with slingshot and say that's
it they're going to actually work with
you so I wouldn't put a value a dollar
amount value on my membership here I say
it's invaluable to me well I didn't
really give that a lot of thought
because fortunately I don't have to
worry too much about the finances but
after I came and realized how much I got
was benefited by it then I thought well
that's money well spent and I didn't
didn't worry too much about it it's just
given me more flexibility and as I go
about my going doing things I feel like
its helped me and the money was well
spent was I'm more flexible and more
able to do things that I probably could
not have done and are not joined the y
and stayed active